Dear colleagues, hello to you.
My name is Olga Nikolaevna Zabria.
I have been a HR Director
for over 11 years.
I worked in 1989 personnel.
In fact, I came into business immediately
after it was announced that it was
possible to create private
enterprises in November 1988.
I can say that I have been working
in private business from the beginning.
And everything we will discuss today
is very close to me and as practice
very important.
The topic of today’s conversation is the person
in the organization and the function
of motivation.
The motivation process will start with you.
This is just a base, because it is
an endless topic that can be talked
about a lot.
A topic that enjoys great interest
and attention from listeners
and managers.
This is a topic that is constantly
discussed in any organization.
So, let’s start with our first topic – the
person in the organization.
People in the organization and
the organizational environment.
What is it?
You know well that everyone
at work, wherever they are,
is in an organizational
environment.
And that is about this environment we will
talk to you today.
In any organization, of course, people
work, and, of course, the relationship
between people in the company
is very important.
This is carried out through the
structure, through the corporate
culture that exists, is aware of
its company or not, and also has
a very strong influence in the
style of management, in the style
of leadership.
The establishment of human-organizational
interaction, mutual expectation.
Again, the human organization is what the
human person expects from the organization
and what the organization expects from us,
from those who came there to work.
The gap between the requirements
for a person occupying a certain
position or position and
his potential, actual efficiency.
We come into the organization
and expect something.
When we are employed, the
organization naturally relies
on some of our strong
points.
Whether they match or not.
Careful selection of personnel is,
of course, also a very important issue.
And from here it depends, it directly
follows the previous in our expectations.
It either coincided or did not coincide.
I am a member of this organization, it
is my company or not mine.
Hiring, mentoring, instruction,
leadership are such important things
for any employee who has
just come to the company.
We will discuss the values with you.
Influence of informal groups, distribution
of roles and, finally, the theme
of endless motivation.
But we begin with the theme of “man
in the organization”, “man and the
organizational environment”.
What is Organization?
It is the unification
of people to a goal.
What are the signs of the organization?
Every organization has a goal.
What types of organizations exist?
Well, let’s start with the fact
that we are already born into a
certain organization called “Roddom.”
Next - kindergarten, school, pioneering
organization, institute, university.
Take the Moscow State
University.
It is an old-famous organization
with its own rules, its
own culture, its world fame.
Organizations such as a football
team, yes, it is also an organization
with its structure and
culture.
Naturally, with its members
of the organization, with its
various groups, formal
or informal leaders.
In any organization there is a structure
and culture.
The structure of the organization can
be completely different, because
it depends on the type of
activity that the company carries out.
And, of course, the existence of
a connection between the members of the
organization and certain rules that
exist in the organization,
one organization differs from the other.
Continuous interactions with
the environment are those external
factors that affect any organization.
There is also the availability
of resources, i.e. motivation,
internal motivation in each
existing organization.
The organizational structure.
What is it?
Let us think, remember, each of
you works in a company,
in an organization that has its
own, only its inherent, unique
structure.
Although it can be said that,
in principle, all organizations
are built absolutely the same.
There is a board or general manager,
or the owner of the company, there are
managers of the first, second, third
level, there are employees performing
certain functions, there are departments,
subdivisions.
But the organizational structure
in any company determines the inter-
subordination between different
functions, non-positions,
precisely the functions performed
by employees of a particular
organization.
The principle of division of labor is who,
what and how.
Organizations are divided into three main
types.
The first is functional organization.
This is production, sale or sale,
finance, procurement, marketing and
other functions.
Product production is the production
of any products, for example,
the production of pipes, the production
of by-products for the population,
for example, the tea boilers,
pots, beds, anything that can
accompany the production of pipes.
and matrix organization.
Recently, such organizations
are becoming more and more fashionable,
popular and necessary.
This mode was mainly introduced
by IT companies because it is there
that there are experts in functional
departments that are attached
to or several product divisions.
Every structure involves a
hierarchy.
I think you all know that there
is hierarchy in any company.
And, in fact, there are managers
of the upper, middle, supervisors,
various services, different
between the upper and lower.
For many it seems that the greater the
distance between the higher and lower
link, the cooler the higher link,
because they become unbelievable
and inaccessible.
I can say that in the 200 years of
capitalism’s existence in the West,
they have gone through all stages.
From very deep structures to
rather small structures at their levels.
We are following them in seven-mile steps
and we must pay tribute to the wisdom
of our leaders that they were not fascinated
by the great depth of structures.
Since business was allowed private since
1988, and it has been active since
1889, companies were created, in
general, very small.
There was a manager, a owner, there
were some trusted persons, second level
and there were employees.
Total of three levels.
Only three.
If we look at the example of
a Western company, such as
General Motors, in the 1980s,
the hierarchy of this company
was 22 levels.
That is, from the board of directors
to the most ordinary worker who stood on
the conveyor and mounted the machines,
there were 22 levels of hierarchy.
From the perspective of staff
and career growth, this is great.
There is a huge high road
that can be overcome, in
principle, any American dream.
But it turned out that it was not so
good for the economy and for the business
of the company.
In 1980, General Motors decided
that 22 levels were too
much.
Too much to manage, too much
to budget, because the higher
the management, the higher
the salary.
Therefore, it was decided to remove the
excess levels, a huge analytical
work was carried out and as a result
they came to the hierarchy 6.
That is, from the highest level, this
board of directors to the lowest,
there were only 6 levels.
It is clear that the career ladder
has dropped sharply and moving
from one stage to another turns
out to take much more time.
From this point of view, of course, a
great inconvenience, but from the point
of view of managable, from the point
of view of business, from the point
of view of correctness of investing money,
it was, of course, a very correct and
wise decision.
They were pioneers in the restructuring
and reorganization of the company.
Now I will show you a small example.
It is taken from an existing very
large IT company, Western Nenasha.
Here, in the table.
Please look to the left where the
name of the manager and the number
of the company, you will see all
the parameters that go for special
calculation.
Take for example Eugene Tishchenko.
He is the owner or CEO
of a Level 1 company.
There are 128 people, a small number.
Let us look at this number
of companies.
The level of managers in the
organization 6.
What does it mean?
In total, there are 19 managers in
the company.
If we divide 128 by 19, we have
some errors, if we round, companies
use different types of overview
to understand how correct
or wrong they have calculated
the level of their hierarchy.
In the West, this is called
the Organizational Health Index.
The organization’s health index.
Look how interesting it sounds.
Health, that is, healthy
management, correct,
literate, true.
There are various options
for calculating such indices.
Each company hired consultants,
and they made surveys,
reviews for this company.
These surveys are conducted
once a year, preferably three
years in a row using the
same survey, for all companies
in the world owned by the
corporation.
And the index of managable of a representation
and companies at the global
level as a whole is calculated.
What is interesting can be seen
in this table.
For example, this organizational
index at the management level
shows, and this is included
in the survey, how much staff
trust them.
This is a very important moment.
I don’t think our business is
ready for this today, although
I know that many advanced companies
are increasingly inclined
to such reviews because they
are really interesting.
Are they properly equipped with
managerial staff?
The right people run the company.
Do they trust staff?
Because it is on trust that
efficiency is built.
The effectiveness of people, their performance,
their involvement, in many companies in
the West, there are their different
parameters.
Here, the company that is presented
here, I will not just name it,
but they thought that if the
index is below 74, it is worth
thinking about whether the right
person is at the head of the entire
company or a particular department.
So seriously they began to
take such things.
This is part of the
company’s corporate culture.
This is about corporate culture,
we will talk to you and talk very
seriously, because when you are
chosen and you choose the
company you would like to work
for, the company of your dreams,
the employer of your dreams,
the question why you want to
work in a company, most
people will answer, I like it
because it has an image.
Why such a positive image?
Because people are comfortable there.
Because the culture of relationships
in the company is built in
such a way that the person wants
to work, to be effective, to be
the best, to succeed and
help the company, to succeed together
with themselves.
Naturally, a company depends
on the people it employs, and
we depend on the companies we
go to work for.
Therefore, when choosing a company,
the employer must be very
careful, very careful.
And during the interview you are
asked questions, but you should also
ask about the company and ask deep
questions, including about
the corporate culture.
So what is corporate culture?
It is a system of values and methods
of decision-making that forms
the awareness of employees
belonging to a particular culture.
How much banks differ in culture
from IT companies, pharmaceutical
companies, or large manufacturers
like Pepsi or Coca-
Cola.
Everything is completely different.
How much, let’s say, the companies
of oil and gas industry differ.
There is absolutely its own
culture, created consciously or unconsciously
for years, decades, but it exists
in these companies.
Every successful company
forms, it is forming, that is,
not unconsciously, but already
consciously influences the culture
that is in the company, improves
it, brings some standards.
The slide does not accidentally show the mother and
child.
The corporate culture is the child
of any company.
Every successful company
has its own unique
corporate culture.
Each bank is different from the other
bank, precisely by its unique
corporate culture.
In some bank you will be very comfortable,
and you will want to work there
always, until retirement and as
long as possible.
And from some bank, let’s say, you will
be ready to leave, even without
waiting for the end of
the trial period, because the trial
period is not only for the employee,
he and for the company.
We choose and we are chosen.
So, corporate culture is
the environment in which
every person, any of us,
in the organization he joins.
What types of corporate cultures
or models, otherwise called interpersonal
relationships, exist?
In advance of this topic, I will say
that to date in Russia there
are no other types of corporate culture
that are inherent in our Russian
companies.
Well, if we remember that capitalism
is two hundred years old, and in our
country it began, roughly say, from
the 1990s and the company is
continuing to build, to structure.
And this is of course very important,
because the base that has been
created for decades, centuries
in the West, we take over,
digest and create something of
our own.
We look at all the best that
is in the West, throw away everything
that does not suit us, absorb
everything that we can
use for our business,
for its efficiency.
So, in order to know what we need
for our efficiency, let
us look at what they came to in
the West, what they developed
and how much it applies
to us.
Those who founded the issue of developing
corporate culture types, such
as Charles Hendy, Jan Harms
or Harrison, are well known
in the West.
Charles Hendy is a
very old man, very
old.
His books are bestsellers on this
topic, they are really written
very informally, very fun about
the most serious things.
The corporate culture.
What types of corporate
culture exist?
To date, in Russia, the types of
corporate culture, purely our, Russian,
have not been defined, because business
started with us, roughly speaking,
17 years ago, from the 90s.
So all I’ll talk about now
is Western experience.
200 years of capitalism in the
West.
We had a short break for 80
years, and now we are back
on the path we were on.
In fact, we catch up using all
the best they have developed.
All the mistakes that have been
made, we leave them, trying not
to do their very serious, but
at least to go ahead.
So, in order to move forward, you
need to understand what you need
to push back from.
What types of corporate culture exist?
The main developers of corporate
culture as concepts, as culture
itself, as influences on the life
of an organization, are Harrison,
Hendy and Harms.
The most famous of them is
the founder and HR, Human Resources,
human resources, that is, serious
work with the staff
that takes place in companies.
This is being used more
and more in Russia.
He was also the founder
of the theory of corporate
culture, which he naturally
took from practical
examples from those companies
that existed in the market
he analyzed.
There are four types of
corporate culture.
What are they?
Type the first.
The culture.
Role of.
The single power centre.
The control.
A corridor board or board of
directors or a college or
board, as you may call it,
there are a lot of different options.
This system of management is
combined with sufficient freedom in
the field.
The corporate center manages the
divisions or branches not by operational
intervention, but through the creation
of uniform rules and standards.
RAUES, Gazprom, the major networks of banks.
More connected are large production
companies, where production
is distributed across different
regions.
Western structures such as Microsoft,
Hewlett-Packard, such as Coca-
Cola and Samsung.
Mass of others.
These are the largest corporations that
through rules and standards
manage branches, division companies.
Again, a lot of different names
of subsidiaries.
Main mechanisms of management from the center.
It is strategy.
Yes, they are not giving it.
Developing in place.
and budgeting.
What is wrong?
Lack of flexibility.
If you feel that something needs
to be changed quickly, then there
will be more profit, more efficiency.
It is extremely difficult
to do this in a short time,
because the rules and standards
that exist, including
the way papers go.
How long does it take to
make one or the other
decision?
These companies need a very
stable market.
Very stable conditions.
And of course, they have little creativity.
But, in large numbers, in such
large companies to be creative is
very dangerous, because this
creativity can lead to large
financial losses.
What are the criteria for such companies to succeed?
This is a functional work.
Functions, functions, that is, people and functions.
The Communication.
Communication is only written.
This communication saves
in many situations.
If you have written permission
or refusal, it is an indulgence for
you, it is protection during any checks
from the center, during any audits.
Leaders, what is their primary function?
They monitor the execution of rules and
regulations, that is, those rules and
they control the processes of people
and they really let these people manifest
themselves.
These companies are hierarchical.
We have taken General Motors as
an example.
22 hierarchy of the company depth and 6.
These companies are not 6 in depth.
It may not be 22, but it
may be 18, 15, 12, but not less.
It is a really big hierarchy.
Plus, there is a great career growth
here and it is absolutely understandable
to any person.
The next type of culture.
Culture of task or culture of achievement.
The center of power is based
on competence, knowledge.
These are basically not large
corporations, although to date,
let’s say, if we take a corporation
like Microsoft, it was created
precisely as a culture of
task and achievement and based
on the competence of the
company owner today and
on his knowledge of a
particular product.
It is a rapidly changing structure.
Indeed, it is changing
rapidly, adapting to a changing
market.
This is high flexibility and a great
expense of energy, enthusiasm.
Such enthusiasm is good, of course, to
have, but for a short time people quickly exhale.
As a rule, people work in such companies
for a maximum of 3-5 years.
It’s almost impossible to keep
up with the pace, but the experience
people gain from working in such
companies with a culture of
achievement is just amazing.
These are people who then leave such
companies and say, “I am not afraid
of anything in this life, I can
then work in absolutely
any company with any culture, I am
no longer afraid of anything.”
The criteria for success of this culture is the
fulfillment of the super-task.
See also above.
It is not just a functional
tracking, it is super-tasks.
I have to do what I can’
t, and I’m sure it won’t work.
It will work, go ahead.
Communication, again, is only written.
Leaders are gurus, they are professionals.
They bring together the same enthusiasts,
the same fans of their business
and are ideological inspirers.
Who works in such companies?
These are people who
are very professional in the field
because they need to perform
specific tasks and certain results.
Very tough structure, very tough
company, a lot of enthusiasm,
a lot of energy.
Rarely anyone lasts longer than 5
years, but on the other hand, I repeat,
a colossal experience.
Culture of the person, of the person, of support.
See how good it sounds when compared
to the previous one.
In the previous almost so much
press, you survived all and you are free.
And here is such a good company - the power
center of skills and the potential of
individual employees.
It is difficult to manage
such an organization, because such
individual workers, who are
professionals, who are truly
unique employees in their knowledge,
in their skills, they do not
recognize any authority over
themselves.
They simply do not obey anyone.
The criterion for success is the realization
of the potential of employees.
I came here to be realized.
Communication is more verbal than written.
Leaders – see the potential,
direct, develop properly.
The worker - it all depends on
his skills, achievements and colossal
self-development, self-improvement.
It is also an IT business.
Look how interesting.
The previous company is IT business and
this company is IT business.
Other can also
be given examples.
Let us stop at the IT sector.
Two different cultures in one
sector, in one area.
Why is?
Small companies that are created
with an enthusiast owner, who are
drawing up the same enthusiasts,
colleagues, institutions,
some of their fellow students,
who have a huge potential, internal
capabilities, want to self-reliance,
earn money, close a project,
implement something.
This is how they support each other.
These enthusiasts create such companies
with a culture of personality
and, most importantly, support.
Support and trust each other.
And the last culture of power is
the sole centre of power and
control, the owner, he can be the
chairman of the board, he can be the
general director, he does
not recognize people who can replace
him, he does not pass on the
blades of the board.
There are many such companies
in Russia now.
And I think that such companies
are all heard by the names
of owners we know.
Banks that are associated with
owners, some gas companies that
are engaged in development,
IT companies, some other types
of business that are associated
with the owner.
Because he is a leader, he is an initiator,
an inspirer, and he is a strategist.
All in one face, very hard.
These people are young, they are between 35 and 50 years old.
They started from the moment of the
market rise, somewhere 15-17, maybe
10-12 years ago.
Everything is held on them, they do not
transmit, do not delegate anything.
Companies can be from 50 to 1500 more
people, and everything
is concentrated in one hand.
The advantages are
high competitiveness in difficult
market conditions.
Abuse of power for personal
purposes.
But I will say that these disadvantages
are virtually not visible in Russia
today, because these people
who are in power in their
own company do not abuse this power.
The criterion for success is only the result.
I don’t care why not.
I am interested in what the outcome will be.
Oral communication is.
Indeed, in these companies, correspondence
is considered a bad tone.
What are you writing to me?
I could not come and read a man.
He focused everything on himself.
People like that need to call.
Of course, there are fears that he
will just forget that you called him and
said something.
Therefore, in principle, as a advice,
after any such conversation you
need to send a letter according to our arrangement.
During this phone
conversation, I confirm.
The leaders have absolute
control over their subordinates.
and loyalty.
In such companies, by the way, there
is a very strong security system.
Not only in the West, but in us.
The same polygraph, which has been
actively discussed, has long been
used in the West.
And, in principle, it is not
considered shameful if a person
passed a polygraph before
he was hired.
For example, in the bank.
And the employee, he, in principle,
depends on the relationship of the manager
to him.
Is this good or bad?
Depends on how you have
a relationship with your boss.
There are, of course, many
more, but here are four
main types of corporate
culture.
There is a lot of work on corporate
culture in the West.
So now I will attract
a small American model.
If it was more European,
worldwide, it was American.
There are also four types.
The Academy, the club, the baseball
team, but it’s generally purely
American, and a fortress.
The Academy.
Who is involved in such a company as the Academy?
Candidates for vacant positions,
managers, are young employees
who undergo very serious professional
selection, usually testing
and not one, with very
narrow specialization.
I pay attention again, American,
because the narrow specialization
is inherent in Americans.
They also work lawyers who know
Article 23 point A, and point
B, please, the next door, another
room.
Sometimes we think it’s
funny because our education
is very broad.
We are really from different areas
to give advice, we are theoretically
more prepared, but here they
have this approach.
Right or not, it is hard to say.
This is just such culture.
Candidates who successfully
pass such exams are accepted
as managers-internships,
and there is a special
program for them.
A lot of money is being spent on
training such managers.
Of course, there is a danger that some
of them will leave, go to a competitor,
go to other companies, it will be just
the money thrown out, but the
budget is so interesting that more
than one percent, two-thirds, remains
to work in the company, because
they are motivated by
a career, they are motivated
by a salary.
The club.
In itself, there is already
a sense of some sort of closure,
elitism, something like that,
where we would like to go.
Selection is based on experience,
work and knowledge.
If young, energetic, ambitious people
are taken to the Academy, I want, I
can, I am created for this, then here
behind your shoulders
are such projects, you have such
such experience, you can pass
it on to us.
As far as employees are willing
to sacrifice their interests for the
sake of the company, for the sake of the
organization, unlike the Academy, there
is training of managers of a broad profile.
There, remember, a narrow specialization,
here a wide profile.
A manager, for example, in the sales department
can be transferred by the manager,
for example, to the marketing department
and vice versa.
Pharmaceutical companies are
quite different in this.
However, with a small reservation,
you need to have a medical
education to work in both
sales and marketing.
There are noises in any closed club.
In order to get there, you
need to have at least a
proper diploma.
The fourth option is baseball.
For the Russian version, I don’
t know how to call it.
Football is difficult to compare with
our football, we are not very lucky.
There is no analogy yet, maybe you will
come up with something by analogy.
What people are selected by such
companies that are focused on success?
Very reminiscent of the Academy,
energetic, biased.
Age is not important, it is
important to be beautiful.
Finally, people after 40-45 can send
a bold resume to such a company
where they write, people under
30 are accepted over 30, ask not
to send a resume.
Particular attention is paid to
the potential of the employee, and pay attention
to the aggressiveness.
Probably, such companies in the salespeople
must be absolutely aggressive,
uncontrollable, emotional,
because otherwise it is impossible
to sell anything.
Ability to Risk.
In general, employees have very
broad powers and freedom of action.
True, beating for violating some things
and not bringing out results is very
painful.
In such organizations, yes, unfortunately,
a lot of fluidity, because it is also
a sport.
If you have run, you have to
run to the end.
But whether you calculate your breath and your
strength or not, it is already your personal
matter.
People from such companies
literally fall out, like in
sports, just fall out,
unfortunately, often in the hospital.
Therefore, again, choosing
a company or analyzing, and in which
company I work today, is very careful.
Compare your opportunities with
the requirements that the
company poses to you when
inviting you to work.
The last one, the fortress, sounds good.
Many organizations at one stage
of their development are
in a state of stagnation.
Very familiar word.
Such organizations do not develop,
but try to survive.
Well, we have already come out of this period,
say, of socialism, of stagnation, as
we called it when we survived.
But, it turns out, there are such companies
under capitalism.
That is, it is likely that
in a few decades our Russian
business may grow to
such companies that will
be a similar fortress.
Why do people attract such companies?
Because they are quiet and stable.
This is the word to sit over, yes,
you can sit over.
In contrast, challenging people,
aggressive people, these companies
are not attracted.
In fact, they will be boring themselves.
Creating something new in this
company is almost impossible.
In the process of forming
a corporate culture, such
an organization could develop
on any of the listed academies,
baseball teams or clubs.
But at one point something happened,
or the company has reached its
highest results, and it turns
into a fortress.
And so the situation in the market,
in the market, in which the company
played, according to internal
and external factors, that this organization
ceased to develop and
fell into a state of stagnation.
A few words about corporate culture.
Actually, they say, well,
in some companies there is a culture,
in some not, I don’t even
know where I try to think.
If you like the company you
work for, you think,
and why do I like it?
The people.
What are?
What kind of people?
I work because I like the
people I work with.
Look at what people?
I like the relationship, the
guidance to us, between people, between
departments.
And what shortcomings?
As a pluss.
The emerging corporate culture
supports the commitment
of employees to the company’
s values.
In a strong corporate culture, employees
and those employees who are willing
to contribute to the efficiency and
development of the company are
highly valued.
Corporate culture sets the rules of the
game in any business situation, in any
business situation.
Rules are prescribed.
If so, then you should
do so, and if not, then
so.
Violations of rules are punished by rules.
The Minuses.
Sometimes a strong corporate
culture can serve as
obstacles and some
necessary changes.
We need to change quickly, be
flexible, and we can’t.
The culture is not allowed by corporate, the standards
are not allowed, they need to be changed,
this is not a quick matter.
And of course, different
corporate cultures can
have a negative impact on
mergers.
Now it’s very fashionable, and
you’re probably hearing one company
merges with another, the acquisition,
but that one company was, for example,
a power company or a role, connected
with a company of personality,
support.
How will they be together?
It’s almost like getting married or getting married.
It is very difficult, you must calculate
everything correctly.
What else affects corporate culture?
Natural style of management.
In the head of any company is a manager.
Leaders are divided, like all of
us, into men and women.
And there is, well, I have outlined,
in general, three main styles of management.
Of course, if you break them in more
detail, then of course, there may
be more, but the main three.
It is a directive, it
is an authoritarian, democratic
or collegial, and liberal, it
is anarchic, nominal, non-
interferent and connivent.
Now let’s see what styles
of management prefer men and
what women.
You probably noticed that
style is anarchic, nominal,
not interfering.
Why is?
Well, in principle, it probably takes
the upper motherhood beginning.
What mother will not allow herself
to interfere in her child’s affairs?
No normal mother would allow it.
Women do not accept this style.
Democratically, look at how
many women and only 25 percent
of men.
I prefer the democratic style.
Why is?
A woman should be advised.
It is like consulting with your husband, with colleagues.
Men prefer authoritarian style.
Women are only 30 percent.
But I wonder, from your experience, which
women are easier to work with?
Which are authoritarian or democratic?
Which ones are easier
to move business forward?
The question is not festive.
Now it is very difficult to do some
sort of analysis of Russian
business, but if we are to
observe the market and for another
10 years to follow closely how
it really is happening,
I think there will be very interesting
conclusions.
So maybe we’ll meet again
in a while and share our impressions
on the subject.
What styles are effective?
Indeed, there is no person who is purely
authoritarian or completely
democratic, because there are no
such people.
Role of.
Remember, we are all in the theatre, mine.
Theatre is life, life is theatre.
We play different roles.
Things have changed, we have a different role.
Today someone is Cinderella, tomorrow someone
is a Good Fairy, and after tomorrow someone is a Baby.
In different ways, because the market
is changing, because the business, because
the colleagues have changed, management,
something else has changed, and I
have changed.
Directional, authoritarian, in
extreme conditions, yes, otherwise
survive in one hand.
I decided I was responsible.
The question of responsibility is very
important.
People love to lead, but it
is not desirable to take responsibility.
Responsibility is an important element.
Democratic, standard, stable
conditions, when you can calculate,
apply some algorithms, find
out, you can afford to fantasize
on the subject of
business in time, and liberal.
The liberal, in large part, is ideal
during mergers and acquisitions.
If the cultures do not coincide,
then one company takes this not
interference position.
Those who absorb them are most likely to behave
authoritatively towards these liberals,
while those are quietly sitting and waiting.
It really requires a very high amount
of nervous tension and the ability
not to interfere and not to get out.
A certain psycho.
It is important to remember that, as a rule,
in its pure form, none of the aforementioned
styles is found.
And it really is.
The leader of an organization usually
carries the features of not one but
several styles of management.
The style is influenced by external factors,
market, age of the company and
internal personality, such as the
manager, his education and characteristics
of the staff.
In general, the staff
is selected by the managers.
So look carefully what your
leader is, what styles he
likes to use and whether
he will suit you as a leader.
Or if you are a leader, try
to evaluate yourself as your subordinate
lives with you.
The man in the organization is that.
You are a person, manager or employee
of an organization with their own
types of corporate culture, with their
own different styles of management.
What else is important to remember?
As a rule, none of these types
of corporate culture are found
in pure form.
Not only styles, but types as well.
Organization usually carries features
not of one, but of several types.
Indeed, we begin to develop
as support, as a task, and eventually
we can come to the type of power,
for example.
The corporate culture is, again,
exposed to external factors, such as
competition or new laws, and internal
factors with management,
for example, completely
at the wish of the company owner.
What external factors, if we
talk about it in more detail, exist?
These are customers and service users.
Any company, whatever it does,
is created for customers.
Goods and markets.
You need to know clearly the needs,
the needs of those people for whom
you create a business and for whom
we work.
The Suppliers.
Of course, these are resources markets.
The price is the availability
and use of resources.
Natural competitors that
do not allow us to sleep,
rest, relax.
They limit our freedom and our organization.
Playing on one field.
There are so many players on the
same field that it gets tight.
Why is there a merger and acquisition?
Because the larger the company, the easier
it is to push smaller ones out of the
market.
Technology and technique.
But it is already quite modern.
They help in a particular competitive
struggle.
The company is developing more and
more new products.
Again, take the IT sector, because
it is the fastest technology
to be implemented.
Medicine, of course, too
From one time to another, the
time is reduced.
Technical progress is going
on faster and faster.
The external factor is
the state.
Today we lived under one law, tomorrow
to re-register it, to license everything
in a new way, to certify it.
We start to waste a lot
of time in business.
These are serious external factors.
What else affects a person in the organization?
Of course, I was talking about
resources, material, natural,
human resources.
And in human resources, the main distinctive
component is the presence
of intelligence, the ability
to constantly improve.
And, of course, people come consciously
into the organization.
These are very important things.
We will be slowly moving towards
motivation.
Step by step, without rushing.
We looked at the person in the organization.
That is, a person comes into
some organization, in which there
is already a corporate culture,
there is already a certain
style of management.
Under this corporate culture and
style people are selected,
strategy, structure,
a certain hierarchy is
built, and you get to a certain
level of hierarchy.
We summarize.
What do we have?
We have an organization, we have an
organizational structure, we have
an external culture, we have already
talked about.
Another factor is the availability
of human resources.
The motivation.